Bugfix: retrigger archon missions for compatibility (#7364)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/drak/drak missions.txt

		personality heroic vindictive staying frugal
		system Nenia
		ship "Archon (Cloaked)" "Sleeping Dragon"

> # Mission for those who had a savefile prior to 0.9.1.5 with the old Archon missions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Mission for those who had a savefile prior to 0.9.15 with the old Archon missions
```

> mission "Drak Compatibility Patch"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mission "Archon Personality Compatibility Patch"
```
